example-base-04/build-tree-api/README.md, before:

# build-tree-api

Express + EJS playground that wraps the `buildTree` indentation utility in both HTML and JSON interfaces.

## Quick Start

1. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
2. Run the dev server (with auto-reload) or start in production mode:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   # or
   npm start
   ```
3. Open `http://localhost:3000` and paste an indented outline. Submit the form to render the tree on the page or use the “Call JSON API” button to inspect the REST response.

## API

`POST /api/build-tree`

```json
{
  "textInput": "Root\n    Child\n        Grandchild"
}
```

Response mirrors the utility output:

```json
{
  "isValid": true,
  "errorCode": "SUCCESS",
  "message": "Success",
  "data": [
    {
      "name": "Root",
      "level": 0,
      "children": [
        {
          "name": "Child",
          "level": 1,
          "children": [
            {
              "name": "Grandchild",
              "level": 2,
              "children": []
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

If validation fails, `isValid` becomes `false` and the `errorCode/message` fields contain the reason (empty input, inconsistent indentation, etc.).

## Project Structure

- `server.js`: Express setup, routes, and view wiring.
- `views/`: EJS templates for the playground UI and 404 page.
- `public/`: Static assets (currently a single stylesheet).
- `src/text-indentation/`: Copied utilities (`buildTree`, `parse-lines`, `validate`, `error-codes`) shared with the playground form and API.

## Notes

- The service depends on Node.js 18+ (see `package.json` engines field).
- Use `npm run dev` during development to benefit from nodemon reloads. `npm start` runs the same server without reload support.

Commit message:

Update package.json and README.md to include new test scripts and coverage instructions. Refactor server.js to allow for module exports, enabling better testing practices. Add new dependencies for testing and coverage reporting.

example-base-04/build-tree-api/README.md, after:

# build-tree-api

Express + EJS playground that wraps the `buildTree` indentation utility in both HTML and JSON interfaces.

## Quick Start

1. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
2. Run the dev server (with auto-reload) or start in production mode:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   # or
   npm start
   ```
3. Open `http://localhost:3000` and paste an indented outline. Submit the form to render the tree on the page or use the “Call JSON API” button to inspect the REST response.

## Testing & Coverage

- Run the full unit + e2e suite: `npm test`
- Generate coverage reports: `npm run test:coverage` (uses `c8`, outputs to `coverage/`)
- Tests rely on the exported Express app, so no server needs to be running beforehand.

## API

`POST /api/build-tree`

```json
{
  "textInput": "Root\n    Child\n        Grandchild"
}
```

Response mirrors the utility output:

```json
{
  "isValid": true,
  "errorCode": "SUCCESS",
  "message": "Success",
  "data": [
    {
      "name": "Root",
      "level": 0,
      "children": [
        {
          "name": "Child",
          "level": 1,
          "children": [
            {
              "name": "Grandchild",
              "level": 2,
              "children": []
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

If validation fails, `isValid` becomes `false` and the `errorCode/message` fields contain the reason (empty input, inconsistent indentation, etc.).

## Project Structure

- `server.js`: Express setup, routes, and view wiring.
- `views/`: EJS templates for the playground UI and 404 page.
- `public/`: Static assets (currently a single stylesheet).
- `src/text-indentation/`: Copied utilities (`buildTree`, `parse-lines`, `validate`, `error-codes`) shared with the playground form and API.

## Notes

- The service depends on Node.js 18+ (see `package.json` engines field).
- Use `npm run dev` during development to benefit from nodemon reloads. `npm start` runs the same server without reload support.
