example-base-05/ShrimadBhagwatGeeta/README.md, before:

# Shrimad Bhagwat Geeta (Angular + Bootstrap 5)

Modern Angular 18 SPA that presents Shrimad Bhagavad Gita content—chapter summaries, detailed verses with audio recitation, and cross-linked Sanskrit word meanings—using locally bundled JSON and media assets.

## Quick Start

```bash
npm install
npm start            # alias for ng serve
```

Open `http://localhost:4200/` in your browser. HMR reloads pages as you edit.

### Production Build

```bash
npm run build
```

Artifacts land in `dist/smbg`. Serve the contents of that folder with any static web server.

## Project Structure Highlights

- `src/app/pages/home` – landing page with hero, Hindi introduction, and chapter grid.
- `src/app/pages/chapter` – chapter view with descriptions and per-verse teasers.
- `src/app/pages/verse` – detailed verse experience with audio playback, translations, and commentary.
- `src/app/pages/word-meaning` – occurrences table for Sanskrit words with deep links.
- `src/app/services/gita-data.service.ts` – memoised HTTP service that loads JSON data and normalises legacy hash URLs.
- `src/assets/data/json` – canonical JSON data transferred from the AngularJS build.
- `src/assets/audio` – bundled MP3 recitations referenced by verse detail JSON.

All routes are configured in `src/app/app.routes.ts` and use Angular’s standalone component model.

## Notes on the Migration

- Legacy AngularJS assets were removed; Angular CLI scaffolding is now the source of truth.
- Bootstrap 5 styling is provided via SCSS imports (`src/styles.scss`); navbar collapse behaviour is handled with a lightweight Angular signal—no Bootstrap JS required.
- Static JSON still contains hash-based URLs; the data service translates these into Angular router commands.
- Audio paths are resolved relative to `assets/` to ensure builds serve media correctly.

## Data Integrity & Extensibility

- JSON structure assumptions are encoded in TypeScript interfaces under `src/app/models`.
- When updating JSON, keep `id` fields stable—they power deep-link routing.
- New UI features can be added as standalone components and wired in via the router.

## Available NPM Scripts

| Script          | Description                                  |
|-----------------|----------------------------------------------|
| `npm start`     | Runs `ng serve` with live reload             |
| `npm run build` | Production build with optimization           |
| `npm run test`  | Placeholder (no tests yet)                   |

## Next Ideas

- Add unit tests around `GitaDataService` to catch malformed JSON early.
- Introduce lazy-loaded feature routes once content grows beyond current scope.
- Enhance accessibility by expanding ARIA labelling, especially around dynamic verse content.

Commit message:

Add localization support for Hindi in the Angular application. Updated angular.json to include i18n configuration, added Hindi build and serve scripts in package.json, and integrated translation markers in HTML templates. Included @angular/localize dependency in package.json and package-lock.json for localization functionality.

example-base-05/ShrimadBhagwatGeeta/README.md, after:

# Shrimad Bhagwat Geeta (Angular + Bootstrap 5)

Modern Angular 18 SPA that presents Shrimad Bhagavad Gita content—chapter summaries, detailed verses with audio recitation, and cross-linked Sanskrit word meanings—using locally bundled JSON and media assets.

## Quick Start

```bash
npm install
npm start            # alias for ng serve
```

Open `http://localhost:4200/` in your browser. HMR reloads pages as you edit.

### Production Build

```bash
npm run build
```

Artifacts land in `dist/smbg`. Serve the contents of that folder with any static web server.

## Project Structure Highlights

- `src/app/pages/home` – landing page with hero, Hindi introduction, and chapter grid.
- `src/app/pages/chapter` – chapter view with descriptions and per-verse teasers.
- `src/app/pages/verse` – detailed verse experience with audio playback, translations, and commentary.
- `src/app/pages/word-meaning` – occurrences table for Sanskrit words with deep links.
- `src/app/services/gita-data.service.ts` – memoised HTTP service that loads JSON data and normalises legacy hash URLs.
- `src/assets/data/json` – canonical JSON data transferred from the AngularJS build.
- `src/assets/audio` – bundled MP3 recitations referenced by verse detail JSON.

All routes are configured in `src/app/app.routes.ts` and use Angular’s standalone component model.

## Notes on the Migration

- Legacy AngularJS assets were removed; Angular CLI scaffolding is now the source of truth.
- Bootstrap 5 styling is provided via SCSS imports (`src/styles.scss`); navbar collapse behaviour is handled with a lightweight Angular signal—no Bootstrap JS required.
- Static JSON still contains hash-based URLs; the data service translates these into Angular router commands.
- Audio paths are resolved relative to `assets/` to ensure builds serve media correctly.

## Data Integrity & Extensibility

- JSON structure assumptions are encoded in TypeScript interfaces under `src/app/models`.
- When updating JSON, keep `id` fields stable—they power deep-link routing.
- New UI features can be added as standalone components and wired in via the router.

## Available NPM Scripts

| Script             | Description                                         |
|--------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| `npm start`        | Runs `ng serve` with live reload (English locale)   |
| `npm run start:hi` | Serves the Hindi-localised build at `http://localhost:4200/hi/` |
| `npm run build`    | Production build with optimization (English locale) |
| `npm run build:hi` | Emits a Hindi-localised production build            |
| `npm run test`     | Placeholder (no tests yet)                          |

## Localization

- Source strings use Angular i18n markers (`i18n="@@key"`) and live under `src/app`.
- Hindi translations reside in `src/locales/messages.hi.json`.
- CLI builds place the Hindi variant at `dist/smbg/hi/`; static hosting should rewrite `/hi/` to that folder or serve it under that prefix.
- To add more locales, create another translation JSON alongside the Hindi file and register it under the `i18n.locales` block in `angular.json`.

## Next Ideas

- Add unit tests around `GitaDataService` to catch malformed JSON early.
- Introduce lazy-loaded feature routes once content grows beyond current scope.
- Enhance accessibility by expanding ARIA labelling, especially around dynamic verse content.
