example-base-05/comics-viewer/README.md, before:

# Comics Viewer

A Spring Boot application with Thymeleaf, Alpine.js, and Tailwind CSS for viewing comics PDF files.

## Features

- 📚 Display PDF name and count/total-count in header
- 🎛️ Toggle left sidebar button
- 📋 Display comics name list in left sidebar with search
- 📄 Display comics PDF in right section
- 🔍 Search functionality for comics
- ⌨️ Keyboard navigation (Arrow keys, Escape)
- 📱 Responsive design

## Prerequisites

- Java 17 or higher
- Maven 3.6+

## Configuration

The comics directory is configured in `src/main/resources/application.properties`:

```properties
comics.directory=D:\\Prem\\comics
```

You can change this path to point to your comics directory.

## Building and Running

### Using Maven

1. Build the project:
   ```bash
   mvn clean package
   ```

2. Run the application:
   ```bash
   mvn spring-boot:run
   ```

   Or run the JAR:
   ```bash
   java -jar target/comics-viewer-1.0.0.jar
   ```

3. Open your browser and navigate to:
   ```
   http://localhost:8080
   ```

## Project Structure

```
comics-viewer/
├── src/
│   └── main/
│       ├── java/
│       │   └── com/comicsviewer/
│       │       ├── ComicsViewerApplication.java
│       │       ├── controller/
│       │       │   └── ComicsController.java
│       │       ├── model/
│       │       │   └── ComicFile.java
│       │       └── service/
│       │           └── ComicsService.java
│       └── resources/
│           ├── application.properties
│           ├── static/
│           └── templates/
│               └── index.html
├── pom.xml
└── README.md
```

## Usage

1. **Toggle Sidebar**: Click the hamburger menu button in the header to show/hide the sidebar
2. **Select Comic**: Click on any comic in the sidebar to view it
3. **Search**: Use the search box in the sidebar to filter comics by name
4. **Keyboard Navigation**:
   - Arrow Up/Down: Navigate through comics
   - Escape: Close sidebar

## API Documentation

The application includes Swagger UI and Redocly documentation:

- **Swagger UI**: http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui.html
- **Redocly**: http://localhost:8080/redoc.html
- **OpenAPI JSON**: http://localhost:8080/v3/api-docs
- **Quick Links**:
  - `/docs` - Redirects to Swagger UI
  - `/redoc` - Redirects to Redocly
  - `/api-docs` - Redirects to OpenAPI JSON

### API Endpoints

- `GET /api/comics` - Get all comics list
- `GET /comic-slug/{slug}` - Get comic PDF by slug
- `GET /comic/{path}` - Get comic PDF by path (legacy)

## Technologies Used

- **Spring Boot 3.2.0**: Backend framework
- **Thymeleaf**: Server-side templating
- **Alpine.js**: Lightweight JavaScript framework for interactivity
- **Tailwind CSS**: Utility-first CSS framework
- **Lombok**: Reduces boilerplate code

## Notes

- The application scans the configured directory and all subdirectories for PDF files
- PDFs are served inline in the browser
- The sidebar is responsive and will overlay on mobile devices
- File sizes are displayed in human-readable format (KB, MB, GB)

Commit message:

Enhance comics viewer functionality by adding sorting options for comics based on name or date (newest/oldest first). Update API to support sorting via query parameters and enhance README.md with new features and usage instructions. Modify ComicsController, ComicsService, and frontend components to implement sorting and display last modified dates for comics.

example-base-05/comics-viewer/README.md, after:

# Comics Viewer

A Spring Boot application with Thymeleaf, Alpine.js, and Tailwind CSS for viewing comics PDF files.

## Features

- 📚 Display PDF name and count/total-count in header
- 🎛️ Toggle left sidebar button
- 📋 Display comics name list in left sidebar with search
- 📄 Display comics PDF in right section
- 🔍 Search functionality for comics
- 📅 Sort by name or date (newest/oldest first)
- ⌨️ Keyboard navigation (Arrow keys, Escape)
- 📱 Responsive design

## Prerequisites

- Java 17 or higher
- Maven 3.6+

## Configuration

The comics directory is configured in `src/main/resources/application.properties`:

```properties
comics.directory=D:\\Prem\\comics
```

You can change this path to point to your comics directory.

## Building and Running

### Using Maven

1. Build the project:
   ```bash
   mvn clean package
   ```

2. Run the application:
   ```bash
   mvn spring-boot:run
   ```

   Or run the JAR:
   ```bash
   java -jar target/comics-viewer-1.0.0.jar
   ```

3. Open your browser and navigate to:
   ```
   http://localhost:8080
   ```

## Project Structure

```
comics-viewer/
├── src/
│   └── main/
│       ├── java/
│       │   └── com/comicsviewer/
│       │       ├── ComicsViewerApplication.java
│       │       ├── controller/
│       │       │   └── ComicsController.java
│       │       ├── model/
│       │       │   └── ComicFile.java
│       │       └── service/
│       │           └── ComicsService.java
│       └── resources/
│           ├── application.properties
│           ├── static/
│           └── templates/
│               └── index.html
├── pom.xml
└── README.md
```

## Usage

1. **Toggle Sidebar**: Click the hamburger menu button in the header to show/hide the sidebar
2. **Select Comic**: Click on any comic in the sidebar to view it
3. **Search**: Use the search box in the sidebar to filter comics by name
4. **Sort Comics**: Use the sort dropdown in the sidebar to sort by:
   - Name (A-Z): Alphabetical order
   - Date (Newest First): Most recently modified files first
   - Date (Oldest First): Oldest files first
5. **Keyboard Navigation**:
   - Arrow Up/Down: Navigate through comics
   - Escape: Close sidebar

## API Documentation

The application includes Swagger UI and Redocly documentation:

- **Swagger UI**: http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui.html
- **Redocly**: http://localhost:8080/redoc.html
- **OpenAPI JSON**: http://localhost:8080/v3/api-docs
- **Quick Links**:
  - `/docs` - Redirects to Swagger UI
  - `/redoc` - Redirects to Redocly
  - `/api-docs` - Redirects to OpenAPI JSON

### API Endpoints

- `GET /api/comics?sortBy={sortBy}` - Get all comics list
  - Query parameter `sortBy`: `name` (default), `dateDesc` (newest first), `dateAsc` (oldest first)
- `GET /comic-slug/{slug}` - Get comic PDF by slug
- `GET /comic/{path}` - Get comic PDF by path (legacy)

## Technologies Used

- **Spring Boot 3.2.0**: Backend framework
- **Thymeleaf**: Server-side templating
- **Alpine.js**: Lightweight JavaScript framework for interactivity
- **Tailwind CSS**: Utility-first CSS framework
- **Lombok**: Reduces boilerplate code

## Notes

- The application scans the configured directory and all subdirectories for PDF files
- PDFs are served inline in the browser
- The sidebar is responsive and will overlay on mobile devices
- File sizes are displayed in human-readable format (KB, MB, GB)
